In the name of my name is Rita, my son is Jackson and my daughter is Sharina, it's just
a three of us.
I have been working in a tea estate as a tea picker, one day I prayed to God very hard.
I said, please, help me to learn about the Bible.
Within two days, drawers, businesses came and knocked on my door and I agreed to study
the Bible.
I couldn't believe it.
I only prayed yesterday asking God to help me to study the Bible.
Our meetings began at 4.45, but we have to get ready by 12 o'clock to attend the meetings.
So, we prepare our bags on Wednesday night.
I carried two big bags on my shoulders and walked for three and a half kilometres to get
to the meetings on time.
We love seeing our brothers, that's why we always go to the meetings early.
I have been pioneering now for a year and six months.
There is no greater happiness than what comes from pioneering.
This is a one time opportunity.
That is why we decided that we should give the best that we can to Jehovah.
Now, I am so happy to be serving this way.
I was not paid at all.
I didn't even have a rupee.
On that day, my children and I ate well, but after eating, we were very worried about what
we were going to do the following day.
So that night, I said a prayer with the kids and we read the Bible.
Jesus said, don't worry about tomorrow.
So I trusted that somehow Jehovah would give us what we needed.
It was ten thirty at night.
I was fast asleep and the phone rang.
Usually, no one calls this late.
So I wondered who could be calling me this late.
I picked up the phone and it was a brother on the line.
He said, sister, go to your bookshelf and take the greatest man book.
Then he asked me to turn to a page.
When I turned to that page, there was ten thousand rupees between those pages.
We could not believe our eyes.
It was exactly what we needed for that month's expenses.
A few days earlier, he and his wife had visited us and secretly left the money in the book before leaving.
So I thanked Jehovah in prayer with the kids.
Jehovah already knows exactly what we needed even before we realized it.
Honestly, every night I open the doors, go outside and look up at the night sky.
When I look up, I see many stars.
I daily meditate about his wisdom, his power, what amazing things he is able to do.
At this universe, how amazingly well he cares for them.
He takes care of the smallest thing.
I completely rely on Jehovah.
And then I remember that Jehovah has the ability to help us with this Holy Spirit, such a loving father.
He is always holding our hand tight.
And no one can separate us from him.
If anyone tries, they would fail.
He is so generous with his love.
He is so affectionate with us.
No one can take away the love Jehovah has for us.